Changes to Ingredients:
1. When adding a new ingredient to the inventory i want the user to input the amount per piece. For example, Whole milk, 2000ml/bottle, 99 THB per bottle, the price/ml should be automatically calculated to prevent human error.
2. When products are sold, we track what ingredients are used most, right now the website list it by the highest number without taking into account the unit of measurement. Example, 2 L milk will be thought as used less than 10 g of sugar. I want to fix it by ranking usage based on units/piece used. Example, 2L of milk = 1 bottle, one bag of sugar is typically 1 kg, so 10g of sugar = 1/100th of a bag which will result as sugar being ranked lower than the milk.
3. If an ingredient expire date is specified, automatically move it to waste once the date has passed. But don't deduct from the profit directly, instead i want the user to click confirm/acknowledged first.
4. I want the ingredients to have a field that tracks where it was bought from to store historical data of how prices are different at each place, or how prices at a place change over time.

Changes to products:
1. The products has a category field but now function that actually allows the user to create categories to be used, (dessert, tea, coffee, no caffein drinks, food, etc.).
2. Each menu will have different sub options such as sweetness level, roast level, spiciness level, types of tea, or types of milk for the customer to chose from. I need a function to create or add the available specifications for each product/menu when creating a new recipe and the system should deduct the ingredients based on these specifications correctly.

Changes to HR:
1. Right now there is a function that the user must input the amount of cash in the registry at store open, but we lack the part from the user to input the cash at store close.
2. I need a function that allows the user to set time period for each shifts.
3. I want a kanban board that shows the tasks of each staff. Right now there is a protocol creation function but no where to actually show who does what. I want to store manager to easily access and see these info to efficiently monitor the operations of the staffs and for the staffs themselves too.